The most interesting character in “O Horizon” appears in only two brief scenes. You keep waiting for him to come back to liven things up. He strolls in from a different movie. A better movie. Written and directed by Madeleine Rotzler, the film is a general wash of generalized muted feeling, where nothing coheres because nothing sharpens into focus.
Abby (Maria Bakalova) is a neuroscientist who recently lost her father (David Strathairn). She’s retreated from social life and spends her time when she’s not working wandering around in a daze. As presented, it’s a general idea of grief. Strathairn, seen only in flashback or heard on the phone, is a warm and vital presence, making it clear why Abby misses him so much. 
Abby works in a lab, mapping the brain activity of a depressed monkey named Dory. She presents Dory with virtual stimuli, and the dopamine hit appears on the white screen as a rainbow explosion. When Dory realizes his experience was not real, that he has been tricked, the colors on the screen turn black. Abby’s colors are black, too, in case you didn’t get the symbolism.
From there, she visits a company called Seeking a Friend, located in an anonymous storefront. Seeking a Friend is a one-man operation, that man being Sam (Adam Pally), the aforementioned sole interesting character. Seeking a Friend is an app where you can upload a person’s text messages and voicemails, and the person’s essence is then recreated as a perfect facsimile. You can call your dead father; your dead father can call you. Abby is soon doing just that. 
It’s almost as good as the real thing. If you get the dopamine hit, who cares if the stimulus is not-real?
Abby strolls through a dazzling and somehow unreal New York City, the whole film moving in a slow-motion daze. Her apartment is straight out of a luxury magazine, complete with a glass-walled greenhouse in the middle of the main room. Do newbie neuroscientists make that kind of money? Sam’s office, quirky and humorous, is unlike every other interior in “O Horizon.” It feels like a person actually lives and works there.
Bakalova, nominated for an Oscar for “Borat Subsequent Moviefilm,” has been very good before, showing a gift for comedy and specific characterization. “O Horizon” doesn’t allow her to shine. Abby is not a character. She is in an extended emotional state, moving in a sad, slow-motion daze. That’s pretty much it.